Okay so this video is meant to introduce
you to codeboard, and what I'm looking
at right now is actually my view of how
code board appears. So it might look a
little different on your end, but the
first thing you'll notice is that
there's this file called user_main.c
and you should be able to see this. This
user_main() is basically going to replace
what you've been using as main(). In
your previous programs you would write
int main() and then your code here. I have
to replace main() with user_main() and the
reason for that is because I actually
have a main.c that is hidden. All
of these files on the left here with (h)
are only viewable by me. But that's fine.
You don't really need to know how the
the backend works. The point being is
that to use codeboard you'll basically
write your code right here in user_main(); this is your
main() function. You can also you
can add files as you see fit. If you
want to add a file you just click this
enter a name let's say like util.c
or something. You add the file and then
now the file appears down here. You
can you can add header files, you can add
add implementation files, it doesn't
matter.
So what else...another thing that you need
to be aware of is that you need to save
your changes so anytime you edit your
codeboard project. Just go up to Project
and then Save Changes. When you hit save,
there'll be a message displayed down
here saying "Changes successfully
saved." To actually compile your code,
you'll hit this button right here called
Compile and then in the same window it
will tell you "Compilation succeeded"
or it'll give you a reason as to why the
compilation failed. After you've compiled
your code you can then hit Run which
will basically execute your program. This
program does nothing right now but if I
change this to say print("hi\n") or something. Recompile...and then oh...
printf("hi\n"). Recompile, and then
hit Run. We now see "hi" as the output.
It works very similar to how XCode or
Visual Studio would. Finally, when you're
done implementing everything and
you think you have a solution, you can
hit the Submit button up here. What
Submit does is actually execute your
code against a series of test cases that
have been predefined, and you will
actually get a score based on whether or
not you passed those text test cases.
Right now I'm working in a
template, but let's switch to the
project called Conditionals. This is
basically a project designed to test
whether or not a set of points are in...
It tests which quadrant the
points are in. If we compile this as is,
you can see it run it doesn't do
anything because we have no
implementation right here. Then we
hit Submit...
You'll see this "Submitting your solution.
This may take a few seconds" and then
because we haven't implemented
anything the program actually fails.
Every test case fails and then it
explains why it failed and then
finally at the end, it tells you a score.
So it's saying you earned zero
points out of eight possible. Fine. For
a moment I'm going to pop into this
hidden file and change something so we
can look at what it looks like when you
get it correct.
Here I'm just switching it so instead
of running user_main() it's gonna run this
solution_main() which I I won't let you
look at. But now if I hit Submit the
solution is going to run and then you
see the results output: The
coordinate point (1,1) lies in the
First quadrant. Down here it
says in green "Passed test case" etc and
then it finally gives you a score saying
100 so you earned eight out of eight
points. This is really where the
power of codeboard comes in you can
actually test your code and verify that
it works before you actually hit Submit.
Another caveat though is that when
you're actually hitting Submit this
output up here might
look different, it might look a little
weird. Don't worry about that; the only
thing you need to pay attention to is
this green or red text. Green
basically means that you passed red
means that you didn't pass. I
think that's pretty much it for the
brief introduction. Please contact me if
you have any questions